Correct ScatterViews template parameters order (#614)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/API/containers/ScatterView.rst

Header File: ``<Kokkos_ScatterView.hpp>``

.. warning::

>    Currently ``ScatterView`` is still in the namespace ``Kokkos::Experimental``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``ScatterView`` is still in the namespace ``Kokkos::Experimental``
```

.. _parallelReduce: ../core/parallel-dispatch/parallel_reduce.html

.. |parallelReduce| replace:: :cpp:func:`parallel_reduce`

.. _View: ../core/view/view.html

.. |View| replace:: ``View``

.. |reset| replace:: ``reset()``

.. |access| replace:: ``access()``

.. |contribute| replace:: ``contribute()``

.. |create_scatter_view| replace:: ``create_scatter_view()``

Usage
-----

> A Kokkos ScatterView serves as an interface for a standard Kokkos::|View|_ and allow access to it either via Atomic or Data Replication based scatter algorithms, choosing the strategy that should be the fastest for the ScatterView Execution Space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Kokkos ScatterView serves as an interface for a standard Kokkos::|View|_ implementing a scatter-add pattern either via atomics or data replication.
```

The best option to create a ScatterView is to make a call to the free function Kokkos::Experimental::|create_scatter_view|_.

> 

Author: From what I understand, the use of the constructor should be discouraged because it is hard to get the template parameters right.
This is why I wanted to talk about this function as early as possible.
Do you suggest that it shouldn't be discussed in the introduction at all or that I should move this line further (right before the `Interface` paragraph for instance?)

> 

Reviewer: I think the the comment in `Parameters` is good enough and you could move it up right before `Interface`. I mostly stumbled over reading `The best option` without any further explanation.

    class ScatterView

Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~
Template parameters other than ``DataType`` are optional, but if one is specified, preceding ones must also be specified.
That means for example that ``Operation`` can be omitted but if it is specified, ``Layout`` and ``ExecSpace`` must also be specified.

* ``DataType``, ``Layout`` and ``ExecSpace`` need to be the same types as the one from the Kokkos::View this ScatterView is interfacing.

* ``Operation``:
  Can take the values:

  - ``Kokkos::Experimental::ScatterSum``: performs a Sum. It is the default value.

  - ``Kokkos::Experimental::ScatterProd``: performs a Multiplication.

  - ``Kokkos::Experimental::ScatterMin``: takes the min.

  - ``Kokkos::Experimental::ScatterMax``: takes the max.

* ``Duplication``:
  Whether to duplicate the grid or not; defaults to ``Kokkos::Experimental::ScatterDuplicated``, other option is ``Kokkos::Experimental::ScatterNonDuplicated``.

* ``Contribution``:
  Whether to contribute to use atomics; defaults to ``Kokkos::Experimental::ScatterAtomics``, other option is ``Kokkoss::Experimental::ScatterNonAtomic``.

> Creating a ScatterView with non default ``Operation``, ``Duplication`` or ``Contribution`` using this interface can become complicated, because you need to explicit the exact type for ``DataType``, ``Layout`` and ``ExecSpace``. This is why it is advised that you instead use the function Kokkos::Experimental::|create_scatter_view|_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Creating a ScatterView with non default ``Operation``, ``Duplication`` or ``Contribution`` using this interface can become complicated, because you need to specify the exact type for ``DataType``, ``Layout`` and ``ExecSpace``. This is why it is advised that you instead use the function Kokkos::Experimental::|create_scatter_view|_.
```

.. |parallelReduce| replace:: :cpp:func:`parallel_reduce`

.. _View: ../core/view/view.html

.. |View| replace:: ``View``

Usage
-----
A Kokkos ScatterView wraps a standard Kokkos::|View|_ and allow access to it either via Atomic or Data Replication based scatter algorithms, choosing the strategy that should be the fastest for the ScatterView Execution Space.

Construction of a ScatterView can be expensive, so you should try to reuse the same one if possible, in which case, you should call ``reset()`` between uses.

ScatterView can not be addressed directly: each thread inside a parallel region needs to make a call to ``access()`` and access the underlying View through the return value of ``access()``.

> Following the parallel region, a call to the free function ``contribute`` should be made to perform the final reduction.

Author: Good idea, I also added hyperlinks to access and reset.

> It is part of the Experimental namespace.

Reviewer 3: This sentence is not in the flow of the previous sentences. Maybe you could say "Note: It is part of the Experimental namespace".

Author: It was moved to the top of the file as suggested by @tpadioleau, thank you.

> 

Author: Thanks for that, I updated it to follow the same format.

Interface
---------
.. code-block:: cpp

    template <typename DataType [, typename Layout [, typename ExecSpace [, typename Op [, typename Duplication [, typename Contribution]]]]]>
    class ScatterView

Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~
Template parameters other than ``DataType`` are optional, but if one is specified, preceding ones must also be specified.
That means for example that ``Op`` can be omitted but if it is specified, ``Layout`` and ``ExecSpace`` must also be specified.

* ``DataType``:
  Works the same as a |View|_'s DataType.

> * ``Layout``:

Reviewer 3: Description regarding `Layout`.

Author: I'm not sure of what to write here, I wonder what happens if we pass a Layout (or DataType, or ExecutionSpace) that is different from the one of the underlying view: is it allowed under some circumstances, does it breaks anything ?
That is why I would have liked to have opinion by someone familiar with ScatterViews.
